Q1)
	a) See notebook
	b)	The resulting fourier spectrum shows that the frequency oscillates, with a larger range towards
		the beginning of the graph. If you look at the power v frequency graph, you can see that the
		power begins at a higher amount, then quickly diminishes as the frequency increases, becoming
		a linear horizontal line situated at zero. This means that the frequency values after about 10
		will have close to 0 power. In fact, the higher the valule for frequency, the closer it situates
		towards zero in both the real, imaginary, and power graphs. Showing that the sound was initiallly loud
		then proceeded to fade away.
		If you set the number of terms in the Fourier series to a lower amount,
		or divide N_samples by a higher amount, then the pattern becomes more distinguishable
		and the approximation to the original signal becomes more accurate.
		N_terms = int(N_samples/25)
		--> Divide N_samples by 25 instead of 2 to give a better approximation
		Nyquist frequency = 50.00 Hz
		
		
Q2)	I changed the line in the code to "(1-start, (end-start+1))" to reflect the new rules given in the question.
	Yes, the final result did suprise me. I expected the slope to be exponential and higher than the expected value. 
	Instead, the slope was more logarithmic and was below the estimated value.

Q3) The results of the poisson distribution and gaussian distribution of step size can be compared. The first two histograms,
	which show the measured distribution of final positions after n steps of random walking around, have similar bell curve
	shapes in both the poisson and gaussian distributions. The poisson stays positive and has higher values.
	The walk_ditch graph was much different, the poisson distribution had one bar at zero while the gaussian had a normal 
	distribution. The last histogram is also different, for poisson the blue line is mostly horizontal and consistent at 1,
	while the orange line is logarithmic looking and increasing from zero. The gaussian has both lines starting at zero
	and increasing. 
	Yes, my answer follows the predictions of the central limit theorem. The randomness added makes the distribution
	appear like a normal distribution.
	The more that the nsteps and npart values are increased, the more the histogram looks like a bell curve. The optimal
	ratio is having nparts be 10x bigger than nsteps
	